Replace `oColorsGetUseCase` with `oColorsByUsecase` and related changes. (#210)
Financial-Times/o-colors: README.md

section-money |         all
section-money-alt |     all

> ## Defining custom use cases

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Defining custom usecases
```

> You can add use cases for your particular component or product. This is done using the `oColorsSetUseCase` mixin:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can add usecases for your particular component or product. This is done using the `oColorsSetUseCase` mixin:
```

```scss
@include oColorsSetUseCase(email, text, 'black-60');
```

It takes three arguments:

> * **Use case**: your particular use case

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Usecase**: your particular usecase
```

* **Property**: the property for which the color should be used for (background, border, or text)
* **Color**: a color from the palette

> If you are creating a use case for a component, you *must* namespace your use case name with the name of your component.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are creating a usecase for a component, you *must* namespace your usecase name with the name of your component.
```
